README.md, before:

# RedLock.net [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/fclfbkdqy905v3xu/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/samcook/redlock-net/branch/master)

An implementation of the [Redlock distributed lock algorithm](http://redis.io/topics/distlock) in C#.

Makes use of the excellent [StackExchange.Redis](https://github.com/StackExchange/StackExchange.Redis) library.

Distributed locks are useful for ensuring only one process is using a particular resource at any given time (even if the processes are running on different machines).

RedLock.net is available using NuGet - search for [RedLock.net](https://www.nuget.org/packages/RedLock.net).

## Usage

Construct a `RedisLockFactory`, passing in a set of Redis endpoints. The Redis endpoints should be independent (i.e. not replicated masters/slaves).

You should keep hold of the `RedisLockFactory` and reuse it in your application. Each instance maintains its own connections with the configured Redis instances. Remember to dispose it when your app shuts down.

With the factory, create a `RedisLock` in a using block, making sure to check that that the lock `IsAcquired` inside the block before performing any actions. A lock is acquired if `RedisLock` can set a lock key in more than half of the redis instances.

Internally `RedisLock` has a timer that automatically tries to keep the redis lock key alive. In the worst case of a process crashing without releasing the lock, it will automatically be expired by redis after the specified expiry time.

#### On app init:
```csharp
var endPoints = new[]
{
	new DnsEndPoint("redis1", 6379),
	new DnsEndPoint("redis2", 6379),
	new DnsEndPoint("redis3", 6379)
};
var redisLockFactory = new RedisLockFactory(endPoints);
```

If you require more detailed configuration for the redis instances you are connecting to (e.g. password, SSL, connection timeout), you can use the `RedisLockEndPoint` class.

#### When you want to lock on a resource (giving up immediately if the lock is not available):
```csharp
var resource = "the-thing-we-are-locking-on";
var expiry = TimeSpan.FromSeconds(30);

using (var redisLock = await redisLockFactory.CreateAsync(resource, expiry)) // there are also non async Create() methods
{
	// make sure we got the lock
	if (redisLock.IsAcquired)
	{
		// do stuff
	}
}
// the lock is automatically released at the end of the using block
```

#### When you want to lock on a resource (blocking and retrying every `retry` seconds until the lock is available, or `wait` seconds have passed):
```csharp
var resource = "the-thing-we-are-locking-on";
var expiry = TimeSpan.FromSeconds(30);
var wait = TimeSpan.FromSeconds(10);
var retry = TimeSpan.FromSeconds(1);

// blocks until acquired or 'wait' timeout
using (var redisLock = await redisLockFactory.CreateAsync(resource, expiry, wait, retry)) // there are also non async Create() methods
{
	// make sure we got the lock
	if (redisLock.IsAcquired)
	{
		// do stuff
	}
}
// the lock is automatically released at the end of the using block
```

#### On app shutdown:
```csharp
redisLockFactory.Dispose();
```

#### Azure Redis Cache:
If you are connecting to Azure Redis Cache, use the following configuration settings:
```csharp
var azureEndPoint = new RedisLockEndPoint
{
	EndPoint = new DnsEndPoint("YOUR_CACHE.redis.cache.windows.net", 6380),
	Password = "YOUR_ACCESS_KEY",
	Ssl = true
};
```

Commit message:

Update README.md with link to strong named nuget package

README.md, after:

# RedLock.net [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/fclfbkdqy905v3xu/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/samcook/redlock-net/branch/master)

An implementation of the [Redlock distributed lock algorithm](http://redis.io/topics/distlock) in C#.

Makes use of the excellent [StackExchange.Redis](https://github.com/StackExchange/StackExchange.Redis) library.

Distributed locks are useful for ensuring only one process is using a particular resource at any given time (even if the processes are running on different machines).

RedLock.net is available using NuGet - search for [RedLock.net](https://www.nuget.org/packages/RedLock.net) (or [RedLock.net.StrongName](https://www.nuget.org/packages/RedLock.net.StrongName) if you need a strong named version).

## Usage

Construct a `RedisLockFactory`, passing in a set of Redis endpoints. The Redis endpoints should be independent (i.e. not replicated masters/slaves).

You should keep hold of the `RedisLockFactory` and reuse it in your application. Each instance maintains its own connections with the configured Redis instances. Remember to dispose it when your app shuts down.

With the factory, create a `RedisLock` in a using block, making sure to check that that the lock `IsAcquired` inside the block before performing any actions. A lock is acquired if `RedisLock` can set a lock key in more than half of the redis instances.

Internally `RedisLock` has a timer that automatically tries to keep the redis lock key alive. In the worst case of a process crashing without releasing the lock, it will automatically be expired by redis after the specified expiry time.

#### On app init:
```csharp
var endPoints = new[]
{
	new DnsEndPoint("redis1", 6379),
	new DnsEndPoint("redis2", 6379),
	new DnsEndPoint("redis3", 6379)
};
var redisLockFactory = new RedisLockFactory(endPoints);
```

If you require more detailed configuration for the redis instances you are connecting to (e.g. password, SSL, connection timeout), you can use the `RedisLockEndPoint` class.

#### When you want to lock on a resource (giving up immediately if the lock is not available):
```csharp
var resource = "the-thing-we-are-locking-on";
var expiry = TimeSpan.FromSeconds(30);

using (var redisLock = await redisLockFactory.CreateAsync(resource, expiry)) // there are also non async Create() methods
{
	// make sure we got the lock
	if (redisLock.IsAcquired)
	{
		// do stuff
	}
}
// the lock is automatically released at the end of the using block
```

#### When you want to lock on a resource (blocking and retrying every `retry` seconds until the lock is available, or `wait` seconds have passed):
```csharp
var resource = "the-thing-we-are-locking-on";
var expiry = TimeSpan.FromSeconds(30);
var wait = TimeSpan.FromSeconds(10);
var retry = TimeSpan.FromSeconds(1);

// blocks until acquired or 'wait' timeout
using (var redisLock = await redisLockFactory.CreateAsync(resource, expiry, wait, retry)) // there are also non async Create() methods
{
	// make sure we got the lock
	if (redisLock.IsAcquired)
	{
		// do stuff
	}
}
// the lock is automatically released at the end of the using block
```

#### On app shutdown:
```csharp
redisLockFactory.Dispose();
```

#### Azure Redis Cache:
If you are connecting to Azure Redis Cache, use the following configuration settings:
```csharp
var azureEndPoint = new RedisLockEndPoint
{
	EndPoint = new DnsEndPoint("YOUR_CACHE.redis.cache.windows.net", 6380),
	Password = "YOUR_ACCESS_KEY",
	Ssl = true
};
```
